# Reflection-SSW345
* Design
	1. The most helpful practice in thinking about design methods was the process of creating visual depictions of the bot and its UI. For example, some of the methods that I found most useful were wireframes, storyboards, and flow maps. The wireframes helped us to create a rough sketch of our bot’s UI and also helped us to make content decisions regarding our UI. Storyboards helped us to illustrate the timeline of a user walking through our UI and performing tasks. This helped us to identify appropriate screens for our UI. Lastly, the flow map helped us to describe the process of how a user would switch between UI states while using our bot. This helped us to refine the navigation of our app between screens.
	2. I feel that the practice of UML modeling was the most difficult for me. UML modeling was difficult for our project because UML modeling helps you think about the components of your project in terms of Object-Oriented Design. This was difficult for our project as we did not plan to take an Object-Oriented approach to our bot, as we were planning to take a functional programming approach. Therefore, it made it difficult to design our bot using the process of UML modeling. In the future, I would only use UML modeling when using an Object-Oriented approach to a project. 
	3. When working on future projects, I will be sure to utilize flow maps at the beginning of the design phase of the project, before any code is written. I feel that creating a flow map gave me a good outline of all of the screens that will be necessary for our bot and how a user would navigate those screens. I would most likely utilize a program such as Figma to create prototype screens for a future project and connect them following flow map practices. 

* Implementation
	1. The most helpful practice in implementing, testing, and integrating our bot project was learning about the software execution model. This helped us to think about our bot from a performance perspective in order to ensure that our bot runs as efficiently as possible. This was done by providing a static analysis of the mean, and best and worst-case response times for several functions in our bot. Using this analysis we were able to identify the functions that had slow response times and alter these functions to make them more efficient. 
	2. The most difficult practice in the implementation phase of our bot was understating more complex testing practices such as white-box testing and black-box testing. Both of these practices were the most difficult for me to understand as they are relatively complicated. Specifically, white-box testing was difficult for me to try and implement as deriving test cases and building a graph model of the system proved to be a difficult process. In the future, I would try to implement these testing methods during an earlier stage of development as working with source code with a small number of lines of code should make using these practicers easier. 
	3. When working on future projects, I will definitely continue the practice of testing the program throughout development. Specifically, I will utilize the unit testing tools that were introduced to us across various programming languages such as Mocha for JavaScript and Junit for Java. Being able to break the source code of a program down into units and then test its functionality is a crucial step in the process of development and identifying bugs in your program. 

* Process
	1. The most helpful practice in implementing kanban and code review into our project was being able to identify the use cases of our bot and then create a kanban board to list these use cases and track their progress. Doing this in combination with assigning story points to the use cases helped us to identify which of the use cases were the most integral to our bot and which use cases we should commit the most time to developing. In this way, the story points helped us to manage our time expectations for the development of the bot. 
	2. The most difficult practice for me was understanding the process of Agile methodology. This was difficult for me as I was used to the utilizing waterfall methodology as this is the process I learned about in previous classes. Although learning about Agile helped me to recognize its benefits of it over the waterfall process such as the value of working software over comprehensive documentation. Therefore, although understanding the Agile methodology was difficult, it was a worthwhile process and in the future, I will most likely utilize the Agile methodology. 
	3. In future projects, I will definitely utilize the practice of conducting SCRUM meetings at set times throughout the week. During the meeting we would focus on the three questions - what did you do since the last Scrum meeting, what will you do before the next meeting, and do you have any obstacles in the way of doing your work? These questions helped us to track the progress of our bot, identify and assign work to be done on the bot and solve any conflicts that we may run into during the development of the bot. Therefore, I will definitely continue to conduct SCRUM meetings on any future projects that I do. 

Overall
	Considering all the design methods, implementation practices, and software processes I feel that the most useful to our project 


